Pizza Hut can't hide in and out can't
hide not even the pyramid can hide next
up a nun chopping block
let's roll seven or compete against
Panda Express even for myself years ago
I used to enjoy orange chicken but it's
genuinely been probably I don't wanna oh
I want to say like six years or so since
I've had it whoa one second I've got an
important announcement
the merch is here
boom so we got the apron made it of
strong but comfortable canvas hand drawn
embroidered smiley but yours truth it's
got a fro kick don't we got a frock it
yeah we do it's got two pockets wait no
it's got three pockets this cup pockets
inside pockets not to mention it's
adjustable neck strap cute and efficient
buttons let's not forget that we wear
dad hats because it's it's cool okay I
don't know got on a santoku for the cute
little smiling last but not least the
shirt and also let's not forget my last
second change where I change slap to the
word Spanky says I love you and that
concludes our merch promo the link is in
the description the apron that
everybody's been requesting it is here
so go click the link but with that said
let's make this shall we
this is much smaller than I anticipated
you'd be smelling kind of like garlic
and
so we got Bluebird I asked for a small
beef with broccoli on the side and they
gave me this and then did not realize it
would be this small ok so here is our
orange chicken I actually like this box
I will say it you like I've always loved
takeout boxes I think there's an ad like
I remember this meaning better it's not
good there's no flavor or texture not
crazy tell me this is not like act like
kind of horrible
we are gonna win okay so first we need
to make our orange chicken sauce in a
medium saucepan gonna combine 3/4 of a
cup or 170 grams of granulated sugar 3/4
of a cup 180 milliliters of white
vinegar 1/3 cup plus 1 tablespoon or 90
milliliters of double fermented soy
sauce or you know regular I don't know
if you booze you like me and 1/4 cup or
60 milliliters of water then the zest
and juice of one door hinge mix all that
together and then bring that up to a
boil over high heat as soon as it comes
to a boil reduce your heat to medium and
simmer during that summer time
optionally you can add a splash of
sashing wine and a splash of ching-chong
vinegar really threw myself under the
bus with the pronunciation here then
simmer for 8 to 10 minutes or until
reduces about 25% then separately gonna
mix together 1 tablespoon or 10 grams of
cornstarch with 1 tablespoon of water
until thoroughly makes knife got your
slurry then we set into your hot sauce
and then simmer for an additional minute
or until thickened with 23 C's then
immediately to that you're gonna add 4
cloves of garlic graded a 1 inch knob of
ginger grated and 1/2 to red Fresno
chilies finely minced now make sure that
you're adding these at the end of trust
me don't add them in boil away that
you're gonna make the garlic go bitter
you must add this at the end while it's
still hot and then let it steep that's
it then it's done the sauce is done it
takes 15 minutes now for the fried
chicken you're gonna need one and a half
pounds of chicken thighs cut those into
bite-size pieces about her one and a
half inches thick lightly season them
with salt you could also add msg if you
wanted to if you want to be really fancy
I chose not to do that in a medium-sized
bowl combine one cup per 140 grams of
cornstarch with half a cup or 75 grams
of all-purpose flour whisk together
until thoroughly combined and then in a
separate Bowl you gonna whisk together
two whole eggs do some fancy little
tricks with him I guess this is splash
of water
whisk that together and you've got your
dredge
stations sent okay so to properly cut
your chicken first toss a handful of
pieces in the flour mixture what's there
thoroughly coated shake off the excess
place them in the egg mixture toss toss
toss and then back into the flour
mixture coating every single surface I
don't want any wet spots place them to
the side and rinse the repeat with the
rest of your chicken pieces once all
your chickens ready prepare large heavy
bottomed pop filled with oil let's say
oil at least three inches deep preheat
the oil to 375 degrees Fahrenheit
what's this nice and hot fryer chicken
and badges for about three to five
minutes or until light light light light
light golden this won't get super dark
what's it's quiz being cooked on the
inside pull it out let it slightly cool
in a wire wrap please so your fried
chicken in a bowl drizzle with an
appropriate amount of your sauce toss
like you see here until everything is
completely coated if it's not getting
totally coated add a little more sauce
keep tossing until every little crevice
is coated in-house that's pretty much it
you fry the chicken you coated in the
sauce and well you eat it now of course
optionally you can put some green onion
on top maybe some fresh sliced red
Fresno it's up to you come on come on
obviously two very different products
this is a million miles better it's
salty sweet super PAC to mommy it's got
really good acidity to it too you've got
that punchy garlic Innes whatever you
want your orange chicken and this has
everything and more but one more taste
of the Panda after eating that oh my god
no it's not even a fair comparison we
won I need you to come try this right
off the bat which one you think is
better
that's one there's more color that's it
what also looks better it looks more
crispy
oh it's borderline taste bad we won but
better again we always win I would like
to see someone who can take up the
challenge billion-dollar corporations
I'm just playing please don't please
don't send your attorneys do you wanna
know what else sends their attorneys
merch aura Kaizen that is it's so pen
Xpress orange chicken at home we snapped
on this one I mean we really snapped
this was genuinely one of the most
revolutionary changes in flavor that I
think we've had on this entire series
making it at home taking the time to
make it is genuinely far more worth it
might take a little more time but man
you are not gonna regret it I promise
you that I'm not gonna try and convince
you to make it if you don't wanna make
it I don't care so with all that said if
you enjoyed this video or you learned
something leave a like subscribe and I
will see you next time really gonna honk
right when we're close
[Music]